add Azure CAPZ doc for getting started (#1940)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/azure/index.md

---
linkTitle: Azure

> title: Prepare an Azure subscriptions to run Cluster API Giant Swarm cluster
> description: This guide will walk you through all necessary steps to set up an Azure subscriptions with appropriate IAM roles for operating Cluster API Giant Swarm clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Prepare an Azure subscription to run Cluster API Giant Swarm cluster
description: This guide will walk you through all necessary steps to set up an Azure subscription with appropriate IAM roles for operating Cluster API Giant Swarm clusters.
```

menu:
  main:
    identifier: gettingstarted-cloudprovider-clusterapi-azure
    parent: gettingstarted-cloudprovider-clusterapi
weight: 20
user_questions:
  - How do I prepare my Azure subscription for Cluster API?
  - What do I need to configure in Azure in order to run Cluster API Giant Swarm clusters?
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-phoenix
last_review_date: 2023-10-16
---

> Currently the Giant Swarm Cluster API for Azure implementation supports only running the Management and Workload Clusters in a single subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the Giant Swarm Cluster API for Azure implementation supports only running the Management and Workload Clusters in a single subscription.
```

## Overview

This document consists of the instructions for setting up Azure subscriptions that are needed to run Cluster API for Azure with Giant Swarm.

## Procedure for Azure subscription configuration

Currently implemented Management Clusters bootstrap process [`mc-bootstrap`](https://github.com/giantswarm/mc-bootstrap)  with Cluster API for Azure (CAPZ) requires a `bootstrap Service Principal` to authenticate the `local capz` running in `kind` onto Azure. This is required to create the final result, that is the Management Cluster in the cloud provider and delegate the `capz controller responsabilities` to it.

After the initial bootstrap is completed the `capz-controller` will use a `User Assigned managed identity` , created during the `mc-bootstrap` process for all further cloud interaction.

This identity can:

* Create Workload Clusters , and all the related resources, in the `same subscription` where the MC lives
* Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _other subscriptions_ belonging to the same tenant - **NOTE** _this is not yet implemented_

> * Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _subscriptions that exist in other tenants_ - **NOTE** _this is not yet implemented_

Reviewer: This part must be rewritten. mc-bootstrap and its intricacies don't belong in customer documentation. Let's note down what requirements exist for the customer in order to get started.

### 1. Prerequisites

> To create and assign the role to Giant Swarm's Service Principal you need:

Reviewer: There's no mention of a "role" or "Service principal" yet (and why does Giant Swarm have one?). Let's reorder this. For example, let's list which IAM resources must be created _by the customer_ in advance and which of them are used (how) by Giant Swarm.

* An account with [Owner](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#owner) or [User Access Administrator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#user-access-administrator) role.
* [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) installed.

### 2. Create management cluster service principal for bootstrapping

> First step is to create a `subscription` to host the `MC Cluster` and a `bootstrap SP` that will be used for the initial creation of the Cluster.

Reviewer: For new terms, you can use italic text. No code/backtick formatting for non-code stuff, please (repeats throughout the Markdown content).

"bootstrap SP" wasn't defined in this document, I think. Please rewrite from customer perspective. And if we want to introduce a term for just this article, it should be consistent (I guess this one means what is above termed "Giant Swarm's Service Principal").

> #### Step 1a - Create the `bootstrap sp` using AZ CLI

Reviewer: Above these choices a vs. b, we should state that either CLI or portal can be used.

> **NOTE** Using `az add app create`, `az ad app credential reset`, `az ad sp create --id` we should be able to create a set of credential with a much shorter expiration date.

Reviewer: As customer, I can't make use of this note. The below command uses `--years 1`, so this can be confusing.

Note to self: reviewed until here.

last_review_date: 2023-10-16
---

Currently, the Giant Swarm Cluster API for Azure implementation supports only running the Management and Workload Clusters in a single subscription.

## Overview

This document consists of the instructions for setting up Azure subscriptions that are needed to run Cluster API for Azure with Giant Swarm.

## Prerequisites

There are two main groups of requirements to be met before going over next steps:

1. Azure subscription must be chosen from existing ones or created if needed in customer Azure account. For security reasons in terms of any sensitive data stored within customer accounts, we advise to use subscription only designated for Giant Swarm Azure resources management

2. An individual has to have following permissions and tools working within the designated Azure subscription:

* An account with [Owner](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#owner) or [User Access Administrator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#user-access-administrator) role.
* [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) installed.

> ## Configure subscription to allow access for Giant Swarm Support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configure subscription to allow access to Giant Swarm Support
```
In line 84 you said that previous points are prerequisites, so they need another level

You can also create your own role assignment with restrictions to access specific Resource Groups, however it needs to be remembered to refresh the role with every newly created cluster so we can provide full support starting from the clusters creation.

When all is set you can simply run this command:

```nohighlight
az deployment create --name <deploymentName (unique by subscription)> \
                     --location <AzureRegion> \
                     --template-file delegatedResourceManagement.json \
                     --parameters delegatedResourceManagement.parameters.json \
                     --verbose
```

You will have to supply a general Delegated Resource Management [template file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/giantswarm/azure-operator/master/docs/delegatedResourceManagement.json).

The Delegated Resource Management template uses a [parameters file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/giantswarm/azure-operator/master/docs/delegatedResourceManagement.parameters.json) to supply the needed variables for configuration.

> Please remember to change the `roleDefinitionId` in case you would like to use your custom role definition. Moreover ask your Account Engineer so he can provide you the `GiantSwarmPrincipalID` and `GiantSwarmTenantID`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

__Warning__: Please remember to change the `roleDefinitionId` in case you would like to use your custom role definition. Moreover, ask your Account Engineer so he can provide you with the `GiantSwarmPrincipalID` and `GiantSwarmTenantID` values.
```

> ## Accept legal terms for deployment of Flatcar image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Accept legal terms for the deployment of Flatcar image
```
In line 84 you said that previous points are prerequisites, so they need another level

Giant Swarm deploys [Flatcar](https://www.flatcar-linux.org/) image developed by Kinvolk from Azure Marketplace. In order to be able to run the image, it is required by Azure to accept the legal terms.
Please run the following command prior to creating a cluster on a given subscription:

```nohighlight
az vm image terms accept --offer flatcar-container-linux-free --plan stable --publisher kinvolk
```

This acceptance should be performed once for a subscription that is used to run Giant Swarm workload clusters.

> ## Configure Azure subscription configuration for Management and Workload Clusters deployments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configure Azure subscription configuration for Management and Workload Cluster deployments
```
In line 84 you said that previous points are prerequisites, so the need another level

```nohighlight
az vm image terms accept --offer flatcar-container-linux-free --plan stable --publisher kinvolk
```

This acceptance should be performed once for a subscription that is used to run Giant Swarm workload clusters.

### Configure Azure subscription configuration for Management and Workload Cluster deployments

Currently implementation of management cluster's bootstrap process with Cluster API for Azure (CAPZ) requires a [Azure Service Principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals?tabs=browser#service-principal-object) which we will further refer to as _Giant Swarm Service Principal_. This service principal is required to be configured with all necessary permissions for creation and managing Azure resources.

During bootstrapping process a [User Assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp) is created that is from that point used for any interactions with the cloud resources.  

This identity can:

> * Create Workload Clusters , and all the related resources, in the `same subscription` where the MC lives
> * Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _other subscriptions_ belonging to the same tenant - **NOTE** _this is not yet implemented_
> * Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _subscriptions that exist in other tenants_ - **NOTE** _this is not yet implemented_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in the `same subscription` where the MC lives
- Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _other subscriptions_ belonging to the same tenant - **NOTE** _this is not yet implemented_
- Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _subscriptions that exist in other tenants_ - **NOTE** _this is not yet implemented_
```

* Enter the name `<MC_NAME>-bootstrap`
* Select `Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant)` as Supported account types
* Click `Register`
* Go to the `Certificates & secrets` section. Under the `Client secrets` part, create a new `Client Secret`
* Set expiration to 2 Days and click `Add`
* Store the `Value` of the new secret , this needs to be provided to GiantSwarm later
* Add RoleAssignment ot the newly created App
    * Select the right `Subscription` for where the MC Should be created
    * go to `Access control (IAM)`
    * click `Add Role Assignment` and add the `Contributor` role and the `User Access Administrator` role to the APP with the `subscription` Scope

#### Step 2 - Provide generated credentials to Giant Swarm

At the end of this process the following information need to be provided to Giant Swarm using a secure transport:

* ClientID
* ClientSecret
* SubscriptionID
* TenantID

Please talk to our Account Engineer that will organize a secure transport of your convenience, one of the possible ways is to use [Keybase](https://keybase.io/).

#### Step 3 - Post deployment clean up

> After all necessary information is provided, Giant Swarm will kick off the management cluster bootstrapping process. With provided permissions, engineers will be able to work within your subscription to automatically create and further validate the infrastructure.
> As soon as all the checks from Giant Swarm as well as customer side are done, we can clean up part of the initial setup. The _Giant Swarm Service Principal_ created in this section can be deleted as it is used only for the initial bootstrap, during which the [User Assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp) is created.
> From now on this identity will be used to further manage any future or present cloud resources, hence the _Giant Swarm Service Principal_ can now be deleted.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After all necessary information is provided, Giant Swarm will kick off the management cluster bootstrapping process. With the provided permissions, engineers will be able to work within your subscription to automatically create and further validate the infrastructure.

As soon as all the checks from Giant Swarm as well as the customer side are done, we can clean up part of the initial setup. The _Giant Swarm Service Principal_ created in this section can be deleted as it is used only for the initial bootstrap, during which the [User Assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp) is created.

From now on this identity will be used to further manage any future or present cloud resources, hence the _Giant Swarm Service Principal_ can now be deleted.

```

owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-phoenix
last_review_date: 2023-10-16
---

Currently, the Giant Swarm Cluster API for Azure implementation supports only running the Management and Workload Clusters in a single subscription.

## Overview

This document consists of the instructions for setting up Azure subscriptions that are needed to run Cluster API for Azure with Giant Swarm.

## Prerequisites

There are two main groups of requirements to be met before going over next steps:

1. Azure subscription must be chosen from existing ones or created if needed in customer Azure account. For security reasons in terms of any sensitive data stored within customer accounts, we advise to use subscription only designated for Giant Swarm Azure resources management

2. An individual has to have following permissions and tools working within the designated Azure subscription:

* An account with [Owner](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#owner) or [User Access Administrator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#user-access-administrator) role.

> * [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) installed.

Author: added an entry: 
```
[Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) installed and configured to point to chosen subscription via [az account set](https://github.com/giantswarm/docs/pull/1940/files/30fc708bf40e2a33019bbdb267ca42b4817e14a8#diff-f643f08b715e952ecc3b1974979ace927c93b6abed1676f49aa73a4c91b7b768) command.
```

Easiest way is to use the Azure Lighthouse service, that allows to delegate the management of resources to third parties. While following this part of the guide, you will allow the Giant Swarm Staff group to manage your resources. This is beneficial as you will not have to manage access for each person separately within your subscription, but you will be adding a managed group that is kept up to date with the current active Giant Swarm Staff from our side.

We require a built in role `Contributor` to access the resources that Giant Swarm is deploying and it can be used by default from the [Azure RBAC](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles).

You can also create your own role assignment with restrictions to access specific Resource Groups, however it needs to be remembered to refresh the role with every newly created cluster so we can provide full support starting from the clusters creation.

> When all is set you can simply run this command:
> 
> ```nohighlight
> az deployment create --name <deploymentName (unique by subscription)> \
>                      --location <AzureRegion> \
>                      --template-file delegatedResourceManagement.json \
>                      --parameters delegatedResourceManagement.parameters.json \
>                      --verbose
> ```
> 
> You will have to supply a general Delegated Resource Management [template file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/giantswarm/azure-operator/master/docs/delegatedResourceManagement.json).
> 
> The Delegated Resource Management template uses a [parameters file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/giantswarm/azure-operator/master/docs/delegatedResourceManagement.parameters.json) to supply the needed variables for configuration.
> 
> __Warning__: Please remember to change the `roleDefinitionId` in case you would like to use your custom role definition. Moreover, ask your Account Engineer so he can provide you with the `GiantSwarmPrincipalID` and `GiantSwarmTenantID` values.

Reviewer: When _what_ is set? Above, there were no instructions to get anything "ready" or "set", apart from making a choice between built-in and custom role. There's no mention of a `deploymentName` and what is is, JSON parameter files, what `az deployment create` does, etc.

Let me try to rewrite this...

````suggestion
Please follow these instructions to create the Azure Deployment Environment:

* Download the template file [delegatedResourceManagement.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/giantswarm/azure-operator/master/docs/delegatedResourceManagement.json). This file is left unchanged.
* Download the parameters example file [delegatedResourceManagement.parameters.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/giantswarm/azure-operator/master/docs/delegatedResourceManagement.parameters.json) and fill in the required fields:

    * Replace `<GiantSwarmTenantID>` and `<GiantSwarmPrincipalID>` with the values provided by Giant Swarm's Account Engineer
    * Keep the value of `roleDefinitionId` if you are fine assigning the `Contributor` role. If a custom role is desired, please replace the value.
* Now you can run this command to create the Deployment Environment:

    ```sh
    az deployment create --name <deploymentName (unique by subscription)> \
                         --location <AzureRegion> \
                         --template-file delegatedResourceManagement.json \
                         --parameters delegatedResourceManagement.parameters.json \
                         --verbose
    ```
````

Plus follow-up https://github.com/giantswarm/roadmap/issues/2907 to replace the deprecated `az deployment create` command line.

This assumes that _Deployment Environment_ is really the right term. I don't have experience here.

**TODO:** `deploymentName` value 🤷‍♂️

> ### Accept legal terms for the deployment of Flatcar image
> 
> Giant Swarm deploys [Flatcar](https://www.flatcar-linux.org/) image developed by Kinvolk from Azure Marketplace. In order to be able to run the image, it is required by Azure to accept the legal terms.
> Please run the following command prior to creating a cluster on a given subscription:
> 
> ```nohighlight
> az vm image terms accept --offer flatcar-container-linux-free --plan stable --publisher kinvolk
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Accept legal terms for the deployment of Flatcar Linux images

Giant Swarm deploys [Flatcar Linux](https://www.flatcar-linux.org/) images for Kubernetes cluster nodes. It is developed by Kinvolk and taken from the Azure Marketplace. In order to be able to run the images, it is required by Azure to accept the legal terms.

Please run the following command prior to creating a cluster on a given subscription:

```sh
az vm image terms accept --offer flatcar-container-linux-free --plan stable --publisher kinvolk
```
````

> This acceptance should be performed once for a subscription that is used to run Giant Swarm workload clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This acceptance needs to be performed only once for a subscription that is used to run Giant Swarm workload clusters.
```

> ### Configure Azure subscription configuration for Management and Workload Cluster deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure Azure subscription for Management and Workload Cluster deployments
```

> Currently implementation of management cluster's bootstrap process with Cluster API for Azure (CAPZ) requires a [Azure Service Principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals?tabs=browser#service-principal-object) which we will further refer to as _Giant Swarm Service Principal_. This service principal is required to be configured with all necessary permissions for creation and managing Azure resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster API for Azure (CAPZ), the open source component used to deploy clusters, requires an [Azure Service Principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals?tabs=browser#service-principal-object) which we will further refer to as _Giant Swarm Service Principal_. This service principal requires certain permissions to create and manage Azure resources.
```

> During bootstrapping process a [User Assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp) is created that is from that point used for any interactions with the cloud resources.  
> 
> This identity can:
> 
> * Create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in the `same subscription` where the MC lives
> * Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _other subscriptions_ belonging to the same tenant - __NOTE__ _this is not yet implemented_
> * Be `authorized by the Customer` to create Workload Clusters, and all the related resources, in _subscriptions that exist in other tenants_ - __NOTE__ _this is not yet implemented_
> 
> ### Create management cluster service principal for bootstrapping

Reviewer: This is out of place. We already explain it below, and also there shouldn't be any hints about unimplemented features.

```suggestion
### Create management cluster service principal for bootstrapping
```

> After the prerequisites are satisfied, we can continue to create the _Giant Swarm Service Principal_. The creation can be performed in two different ways, either via [Azure CLI](#create-the-service-principal-using-az-cli) or [Azure Portal](#create-the-service-principal-using-the-azure-portal).
> 
> #### Step 1 - Create the service principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 1 - Create the service principal

You can continue to create the _Giant Swarm Service Principal_. The creation can be performed in two different ways, either via Azure CLI or Azure Portal.
```

> ##### Create the service principal using AZ CLI
> 
> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Create the service principal using AZ CLI

Please run the following command and keep the output for later usage.

```sh
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Please fill in the details of the management cluster (MC) and Azure subscription
```

MC_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXX
MC_NAME=ZZZZ

az login
az account set -s ${MC_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}
az ad sp create-for-rbac --role contributor --scopes="/subscriptions/${MC_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}" --display-name "${MC_NAME}-bootstrap"

> az role assignment create --assignee <APP_ID_FROM_COMMAND_ABOVE> --role "User Access Administrator" --scope "/subscriptions/${MC_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
az role assignment create \
    --assignee "<please fill in the app ID from the previous command output>" \
    --role "User Access Administrator" \
    --scope "/subscriptions/${MC_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}"
```

```

> Store the output of `az ad sp create-for-rbac` , this needs to be provided to Giant Swarm in step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store the output of `az ad sp create-for-rbac`. This needs to be provided to Giant Swarm in step 2.
```

##### Create the service principal using the Azure Portal

> * Login to [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/)
> * Go to `Azure Active Directory` service
> * From the left pane, select the `App registrations` section then click `New registration` from the menu at the top of the page
> * Enter the name `<MC_NAME>-bootstrap`
> * Select `Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant)` as Supported account types
> * Click `Register`
> * Go to the `Certificates & secrets` section. Under the `Client secrets` part, create a new `Client Secret`
> * Set expiration to 2 Days and click `Add`
> * Store the `Value` of the new secret , this needs to be provided to GiantSwarm later
> * Add RoleAssignment ot the newly created App
>     * Select the right `Subscription` for where the MC Should be created
>     * go to `Access control (IAM)`
>     * click `Add Role Assignment` and add the `Contributor` role and the `User Access Administrator` role to the APP with the `subscription` Scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Login to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/)
* Go to "Azure Active Directory" service
* From the left pane, select the "App registrations" section, then click "New registration" from the menu at the top of the page
* Enter the name `<MC_NAME>-bootstrap`
* Select "Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant)" as "Supported account types"
* Click "Register"
* Go to the "Certificates & secrets" section. Under the "Client secrets" part, create a new "Client Secret"
* Set expiration to 2 Days and click "Add"
* Store the "Value" of the new secret. This needs to be provided to Giant Swarm later.
* Add "RoleAssignment" to the newly created App

    * Select the right "Subscription" for where the management cluster (MC) should be created
    * Go to "Access control (IAM)"
    * Click "Add Role Assignment" and add the "Contributor" role and the "User Access Administrator" role to the App with the "subscription" Scope
```

#### Step 2 - Provide generated credentials to Giant Swarm

> At the end of this process the following information need to be provided to Giant Swarm using a secure transport:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following information needs to be provided to Giant Swarm using a secure transport:
```

* ClientID
* ClientSecret
* SubscriptionID
* TenantID

> Please talk to our Account Engineer that will organize a secure transport of your convenience, one of the possible ways is to use [Keybase](https://keybase.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please talk to our Account Engineer who will organize a secure, encrypted transport of your convenience. One of the possible ways is to use [Keybase](https://keybase.io/).
```

#### Step 3 - Post deployment clean up

> After all necessary information is provided, Giant Swarm will kick off the management cluster bootstrapping process. With the provided permissions, engineers will be able to work within your subscription to automatically create and further validate the infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all necessary information is provided, Giant Swarm will create the management cluster. With the provided permissions, engineers will be able to work within your subscription to automatically create and further validate the infrastructure.
```

Too much "process" everywhere

> As soon as all the checks from Giant Swarm as well as the customer side are done, we can clean up part of the initial setup. The _Giant Swarm Service Principal_ created in this section can be deleted as it is used only for the initial bootstrap, during which the [User Assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp) is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as all the checks from Giant Swarm as well as the customer side are done, we can clean up part of the initial setup. The _Giant Swarm Service Principal_ can be deleted as it is used only for the initial bootstrap, during which an [Azure user-assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp) is created.
```

> From now on this identity will be used to further manage any future or present cloud resources, hence the _Giant Swarm Service Principal_ can now be deleted.
> 
> ## Further reading

Reviewer: Duplicate content

```suggestion
## Further reading
```

There are two main groups of requirements to be met before going over next steps:

1. Azure subscription must be chosen from existing ones or created if needed in customer Azure account. For security reasons in terms of any sensitive data stored within customer accounts, we advise to use a subscription only designated for Giant Swarm Azure resources management.

2. An individual has to have the following permissions and tools working within the designated Azure subscription:

* An account with [Owner](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#owner) or [User Access Administrator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#user-access-administrator) role.

> * [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) installed and configured to point to chosen subscription via [az account set](https://github.com/giantswarm/docs/pull/1940/files/30fc708bf40e2a33019bbdb267ca42b4817e14a8#diff-f643f08b715e952ecc3b1974979ace927c93b6abed1676f49aa73a4c91b7b768) command.

Reviewer: Wrong link

Author: fixed 👍
